pairing-server/README.md, before:

# BigBlueButton Room Integration Pairing Server

## What is it?

This pairing server helps the [BigBlueButton Room Integration Plugin](https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton-room-media-connector) to connect the device that is installed in a physical lecture room into the BigBlueButton meeting.

The device in the physical lecture room runs an electron app that is able to connect to BigBlueButton.

## Running the Server from source

1. Install python3 venv

```bash
apt-get install python3-venv
```

2. Create a python3 virtual environment:

```bash
python3 -m venv env
```

3. Activate the virtual environment and install dependencies

```bash
. env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. run the server
```bash
quart run
```

If you want to use it with the plugin, you need to proxy this from a webserver with a valid SSL certificate as both the browser as well as the electron app won't connect.

```nginx
location /hybrid {
  proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:5000/;
  proxy_http_version 1.1;
  proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
  proxy_set_header Connection "Upgrade";
}
```

## Running the Server in production

You need only one room integration server per BigBlueButton cluster. So this software does not need to run on a BigBlueButton Server but it is not forbidden to do so.

To run it in production, you can use any ASGI compatible application server such as hypercorn.

## Running tests

1. Install test dependencies
```bash
. env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements-test.txt
```
2. Execute tests
```bash
python -m pytest
```

Commit message:

Flesh out documentation
Some crtitical installation information was missing and I tried to add
some more explicit information about the different components.

Closes #10, #12

pairing-server/README.md, after:

# BigBlueButton Room Integration Pairing Server

## What is it?

This pairing brokers the connection between the [BBB HTML plugin](../html-plugin/) and the [appliance application](../appliance-application/)
to connect the device that is installed in a physical lecture room into the running BigBlueButton meeting.

## Running the Server from source

First, create a python virtual environment and install the dependencies with pip:

```bash
python3 -m venv env
. env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Then you can run the server for testing purposes using:

```bash
quart run
```


### Connecting to the other Components

The communication with the BBB server requires TLS.
So in order to get this to work with the HTML plugin and the appliance application you need to proxy
the pairing server with a webserver with a valid SSL certificate.

You can e.g. run the pairing server on an existing BigBlueButton server.
In this case you just add a file `/etc/bigbluebutton/nginx/hybrid.nginx` with the following contents on the BBB server:

```nginx
location /hybrid {
  proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:5000/;
  proxy_http_version 1.1;
  proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
  proxy_set_header Connection "Upgrade";
}
```

## Running the Server in production

⚠ *Be aware that this project is currently a proof-of-concept that is not yet suited to run in a real production environment.*

You need only one room integration server per BigBlueButton cluster.
So this software does not need to run on a BigBlueButton Server but it is not forbidden to do so.

To run it in production, you can use any ASGI compatible application server such as hypercorn.

## Running tests

Install the test dependencies in a virtual environment:

```bash
python3 -m venv test-env
. test-env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements-test.txt
```

Then you can execute the tests with:

```bash
python -m pytest
```
